Add Performance and Blocking specification (#130)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/library-guidelines.md

The mocking approach chosen will depend on the testing goals and at which point exactly it is desirable to intercept the telemetry data path during the test.

## Performance and Blocking

> See [Performance and Blocking](performance.md) specification for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Performance and Blocking](performance.md) specification for
```

Author: Changed as you suggested. (Also changed very similar sentence in "Concurrency and Thread-Safety" section ).

> guidelines on what performance expectation should API implementations meet and how they should be documented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
guidelines on the performance expectations that API implementations should meet, strategies for meeting these expectations, and a description of how implementations should document their behavior under load.
```

Assuming "they" is the behavior of the library when its forced to drop messages since the doc doesn't describe documentation in general.

Author: Thank you for suggesting a sentence. It makes sense completely. I merged your suggested change.
